**From:** Jeannie Harold <JHarold@innovage.com>  
**Sent:** Friday, October 10, 2025 11:56 AM  
**To:** Sheri Hernandez <SHernandez1@innovage.com>; Nancy Seidel <NSeidel@innovage.com>; Steven Mezidor <HMezidor@innovage.com>  
**Cc:** Sandra Bravo <SBravo@innovage.com>  
**Subject:** RE: October Trainings for RTS and External Brokers.xlsx

Sheri,

I’m currently working on the training updates (which I’ll have to apply to both the Broker Resources page as well as the Broker Training page), but had a couple of clarifying questions.

- I added to the file 2 additional columns- one that addresses the audience (interested party vs contracting party) and another that addresses whether or not the training is required as part of contracting or is supplemental (optional) training.  I know we discussed separating the training sessions into 2 audience buckets, so this information will be helpful. **Product Trainings will be for both contracted and recruiting**
- The virtual training events are a combination of Teams meetings and Teams webinars.  Is the plan to convert all training to Teams webinars in order to capture registration information, as opposed to anyone being able to enter a session without registering?  **I will use the existing links for now, but wanted to throw that out there for consideration. Mark will be taking over that function once fully onboarded. But for now this is what we knew how to do. Next month will be Webinar**
- 3 of the virtual events (CA) don’t include a webinar/meeting link.  Please provide these ASAP. **Disregard those virtuals per Shon**